The term Computer is derived from______?
Who is the inventor of Difference Engine?
The first computers were programmed using? 
Coded entries which are used to gain access to a computer system are called?
What type of resource is most likely to be a shared common resource in a computer network? 
Which device is required for the Internet connection?  
IBM 1401 is what generation computer?
MICR stands for?
First page of Website is termed as? 
Office LANS, which are scattered geographically on large scale, can be connected by the use of corporate WAN. True or False?
What does DMA stand for?
FORTRAN is?
Which of the following devices can be sued to directly image printed text? 
Who invented the programming language C? 
A computer program that translates one program instructions at a time into machine language is called a/an?
DOS stands for? 
SMPS stands for?
RAM can be treated as the ____ for the computer processor?
WhatsApp concurrent model is implemented using _____ programming language.
Which of the following is not a type of computer code related to Program Execution?
Which of the following is not a programming language?
Which of the following is not a computer language?
What of the following is the oldest personal computer?
Now you need something to reduce the heat produced by the main components. What would you use in an ordinary desktop computer?
You want your computer not only to function, but also to present the results in a visual form. What device do you need to send out visual information to a display?
Algorithms are composed of control structures. Which of these is not a control structure?
Which of these is not a type of error that can occur within modules?
Which one of these is an example of an unguarded loop?
Which of these is not a programming language?
Which of these can CGI stand for?
Which of the following types of attacks do hackers use to gain information from you without the use of specialized computer programs?
Which of the following software programs' main function is typically to enable an attacker to have a complete control of their victim's PC?
Is encryption of your data an unnecessary security precaution that can be ignored?
Computer worms, viruses, as well as Trojans are generally grouped into one big group. What is this group called?
What is the specific class of computer software that provides the low-level control for a device’s specific hardware called?
What kind of program creates object code by translating combinations of mnemonics and syntax for operations and addressing modes into their numerical equivalents?
What is the name of a group of computers that use a set of common communication protocols over digital interconnects to share resources located on network nodes?
What is the specialized electronic circuit that is designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer for the output on a display device called?
What is an auxiliary device or hardware component, that is attached to a computer, and is used to put information into and get information out of, but is not part of the core components called?
What is a programming language for special run-time environments that automatically executes certain tasks called?
What primarily implements portions of an execution model?
Who was the first person to develop a compiler for programming language?
What is the part of a CPU’s control unit, that stores the CPU’s microprogram?
What is the global system of interconnected computer networks that uses TCP/IP to communicate between networks and devices called?
What is the style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language such as HTML called?
What generates the addresses used to step through the microprogram of a control store and is used as a part of the control unit of a CPU?
What does “IP” stand for?
What does “DSL” stand for in regards to the internet?
What was the world’s first stored-program computer called?
In which 1613 book, was the first use of the term “computer” used, according to the Oxford English Dictionary?
What is a family of wired computer networking technologies commonly used in local area networks, metropolitan area networks, and wide area networks called?
Who developed the first web browser?
What is the name of Apple’s general-purpose programming language, that was developed as a replacement language for Objective-C?
What machine is credited as being the first computer, invented in 1936?
What does “VoIP” stand for?
What is widely accepted as the first single chip microprocessor?
What is the system of one or more computers or server software, dedicated to running this software, that can satisfy client HTTP requests on the public World Wide Web called?
What is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience, and are a part of artificial intelligence called?
What was Apple’s first hard drive called?
What does “SoCs” stand for in regards to computers?
What is a piece of computer hardware or software, that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called?
What was the first commercially available portable computer?
What company developed C# as part of its .NET initiative?
1000 zettabytes is equal to 1 what?
What two words does the free software community “Mozilla” derive its name from?
What is a piece of software, a chunk of data, or a sequence of commands that takes advantage of a bug or vulnerability to cause unintended or unanticipated behavior to occur on computer software, hardware, or something electronic called?
What was Apple’s first pre-assembled computer called?
What mythological greek creature did the name “Asus” come from?
What is the maximum rate of data transfer across a given path in computing called?
What was Javascript originally called?
What is the hardware or software component that stores data so that future requests for that data can be served faster called?
What type of software is a program or group of programs designed for end-users?